Add benchmark methods (#495)
MarketSquare/robotframework-robocop: CONTRIBUTING.rst

executed.

Performance tests
''''''''''''''''''

To execute performance tests on every rule run::

    pytest --benchmark-enable tests

> Add `--benchmark-save=benchmark_results` option to save your test results in json file. It can be later used to compare

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `--benchmark-save=benchmark_results` option to save your test results in a JSON file. It can be later used to compare
```

> results between different runs. See [url](https://pytest-benchmark.readthedocs.io/en/latest/comparing.html) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
results between the different runs. See [here](https://pytest-benchmark.readthedocs.io/en/latest/comparing.html) for more details.
```
